Meetings shouldn't feel like Monday morning traffic, and when they are unproductive it even gets more than just boring, they are billion-dollar bottlenecks.
Yet mid-market teams still suffer from chaotic brainstorming sessions, characterized by unequal participation and ideas that never see the light of day. What if I told AI could flip that chaos and boredom teams face in unproductive meetings into breakthrough fun and excitement?
BrainStormX is an intelligent brainstorming and collaborative-innovation platform embedded with Amazon Nova foundation model. It transforms chaotic boring brainstorming sessions into structured, exciting, inclusive and execution ready idea pipelines for mid-market product teams, consultants and innovation leaders.
Let's begin by setting up a brainstorming workshop in our virtual meeting workspace.
With one click, Nova ingests the workshop title, objective and duration to craft a time boxed schedule for the proposed workshop and simultaneously generate the workshop rules and clear guidelines, icebreakers to spark ideas with relevant prompts and tips with focused recommendations to set participants up for success during the workshop.
During the workshop, an equitable agent monitors participants inputs in real-time and tracks discussion flow to detect inactivity and dynamically inject prompts into the UI to encourage equal participation.
Participants type ideas and colored sticky notes appear on the whiteboard in real time.
Next the clustering and voting agent groups similar ideas into themes and launches a time boxed live voting poll.
Participants cast their votes on their preferred clusters.
The feasibility agent embedded with Nova lightweight mixture-of-experts then scores the top concepts based on cost, complexity and strategic fit right before your eyes in seconds. No need for lengthy debates and follow up next steps meeting anymore.
Immediately after the last activity our virtual agent has already compiled the minutes, transcripts, action items and summaries before participants even leave the room.
Finally our guardian documentation agent synthesizes a secure polished executive report for download complete with data insights and prioritized action items that can be pushed directly into your project management system.
BrainStormX cuts the process of ideation to implementation by forty percent, eliminates bias, and makes brainstorming sessions finally fun, fast and outcome driving.
Ready to transform the way your team innovates with BrainStormX.